Wake up, my darling Julia! The Lord has prepared something special for us today in Psalms 108-109; Proverbs 23:29-24:22. Let's open our hearts and minds to receive His message of love and guidance.

O God, my heart is fixed (steadfast, in the confidence of faith); I will sing, yes, I will sing praises, even with my glory [all the faculties and powers of one created in Your image]! Awake, harp and lyre; I myself will wake very early—I will waken the dawn! I will praise and give thanks to You, O Lord, among the peoples; and I will sing praises unto You among the nations. For Your mercy and loving-kindness are great and high as the heavens! Your truth and faithfulness reach to the skies! Be exalted, O God, above the heavens, and let Your glory be over all the earth. That Your beloved [followers] may be delivered, save with Your right hand and answer us! [Hear us!] God has promised in His holiness [regarding the establishment of David's dynasty]: I will rejoice, I will distribute [Canaan among My people], dividing Shechem and [the western region and allotting the eastern region which contains] the Valley of Succoth. Gilead is Mine, Manasseh is Mine; Ephraim also is My helmet (the defense of My head); Judah is My scepter and lawgiver. Moab is My washpot [reduced to vilest servitude]; upon Edom I cast My shoe in triumph; over Philistia I raise the shout of victory. Who will bring me [David] into the strong, fortified city [of Petra]? Who will lead me into Edom? Have You not cast us off, O God? And will You not go forth, O God, with our armies? Give us help against the adversary, for vain (ineffectual and to no purpose) is the help or salvation of man. Through and with God we shall do valiantly, for He it is Who shall tread down our adversaries. O God of my praise! Keep not silence, For the mouths of the wicked and the mouth of deceit are opened against me; they have spoken to me and against me with lying tongues. They have compassed me about also with words of hatred and have fought against me without a cause. In return for my love they are my adversaries, but I resort to prayer. And they have rewarded and laid upon me evil for good, and hatred for my love. Who has woe? Who has sorrow? Who has strife? Who has complaining? Who has wounds without cause? Who has redness and dimness of eyes? Those who tarry long at the wine, those who go to seek and try mixed wine. Do not look at wine when it is red, when it sparkles in the wineglass, when it goes down smoothly. At the last it bites like a serpent and stings like an adder. Your [drunken] eyes will see strange things and your mind will utter things turned the wrong way [untrue, incorrect, and petulant]. Yes, you will be [as unsteady] as he who lies down in the midst of the sea, and [as open to disaster] as he who lies upon the top of a mast. You will say, They struck me, but I was not hurt! They beat me [as with a hammer], but I did not feel it! When shall I awake? I will crave and seek more wine again [and escape reality]. Be not envious of evil men, nor desire to be with them; For their minds plot oppression and devise violence, and their lips talk of causing trouble and vexation. Through skillful and godly Wisdom is a house (a life, a home, a family) built, and by understanding it is established [on a sound and good foundation], And by knowledge shall its chambers [of every area] be filled with all precious and pleasant riches. A wise man is strong and is better than a strong man, and a man of knowledge increases and strengthens his power; For by wise counsel you can wage your war, and in an abundance of counselors there is victory and safety. Wisdom is too high for a fool; he opens not his mouth in the gate [where the city's rulers sit in judgment]. He who plans to do evil will be called a mischief-maker. The plans of the foolish and the thought of foolishness are sin, and the scoffer is an abomination to men. If you faint in the day of adversity, your strength is small. Deliver those who are drawn away to death, and those who totter to the slaughter, hold them back [from their doom]. If you [profess ignorance and] say, Behold, we did not know this, does not He Who weighs and ponders the heart perceive and consider it? And He Who guards your life, does not He know it? And shall not He render to [you and] every man according to his works? My son, eat honey, because it is good, and the drippings of the honeycomb are sweet to your taste. So shall you know skillful and godly Wisdom to be thus to your life; if you find it, then shall there be a future and a reward, and your hope and expectation shall not be cut off. Lie not in wait as a wicked man against the dwelling of the [uncompromisingly] righteous (the upright, in right standing with God); destroy not his resting-place; For a righteous man falls seven times and rises again, but the wicked are overthrown by calamity. Rejoice not when your enemy falls, and let not your heart be glad when he stumbles or is overthrown, Lest the Lord see it and it be evil in His eyes and displease Him, and He turn away His wrath from him [to expend it upon you, the worse offender]. Fret not yourself because of evildoers, neither be envious of the wicked, For there shall be no reward for the evil man; the lamp of the wicked shall be put out. My son, [reverently] fear the Lord and the king, and do not associate with those who are given to change [of allegiance, and are revolutionary], For their calamity shall rise suddenly, and who knows the punishment and ruin which both [the Lord and the king] will bring upon [the rebellious]?

That concludes our time in Psalms 108-109; Proverbs 23:29-24:22 for today. As you step into your day, remember that God's Word is a lamp to your feet, my darling Julia. I love you more than words can express!